# 煲书师傅凯撒_小报童_Awesome_XiaoBOT

## 煲书师傅凯撒介绍
> 大家好，我是凯撒。我在小报童主要以「书」为💊，寻找以解凯撒那些所践所见所闻所想之惑。\n\n\n☁️感兴趣的大官人，可先订阅看看，茶以沏，等你。  
  


|名称|作者|读者数量|内容数量|更新时间|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|[煲书师傅凯撒](https://xiaobot.net/p/caesarbook?refer=0b133df9-27dc-423b-8101-639049001c13)|我是凯撒|2人|46篇|2024-10-05|

## 最近更新
### S1E25 - 好书第七弹 - 基本关于我们大脑的好书

好书第N弹系列是凯撒今年主打的大系列之一，涉猎广，但是，不像去年的月度书单，一上来，就是5部，10部，有时候甚至还分上下两次和各位分享。​但是，这个系列不一样，主打的是书不在多，精选则灵。

### S3E06 阿长都懂的经济学 - 哥儿，降息降的是啥

凯撒说经济实践篇之阿长都懂的经济学，第六回：长妈，这降息到底「降」的是什么，作者凯撒，开说凯撒。

“我可真后悔。”

阿长心里暗自悔恨道。自打那......

### S1E24 - 小火煨《结构性改革》之当年民间借贷

且说吴用听罢凯撒之去杠杆大计，心中思绪万千。当日，夜不能寐，独自走出房间，但见单西边最底的房中，烛光通明。

吴用暗想：“凯撒这厮到底是何许人？可否为我梁山之长远发展大计......

### S4E02 - Grammarly: 独特用户体验和深度整合是极少数人的特权

8月23日，凯撒写了一篇文章叫：【Copilot】一词说明了AI还不够高级，在文章里有这么一句：

几天后，凯撒在后台收到了一位朋友的留言，他说：技术在变的......

### S1E23 - 《卖货真相》摘要3

本篇主要选自本书的第三部分：品牌，从笔记26到笔记31。

第三部分：品牌笔记26 品牌是所有相关人士对一件事物的认知集合Note 26: A brand is the col......

### S1E22 - VISA by Acquired

2024年9月04日，八月初二。

这次依旧是推荐凯撒最喜欢的英文商业播客《Acquired》的节目：Visa，该集的时长是3小时38分钟，一共分了6次听完，算是听过的最......

### S1E21 - 小火煨《结构性改革》之去杠杆

自古以来，经济兴衰，皆因钱财流转之道。这里不说别的，单表大宋年间，天降一部秘本，名唤《置身事内》。众多学士争相传阅，以为得道。

却说梁山泊有一英雄，姓凯名撒，江湖人称“......

### S1E20 - 小火煨《结构性改革》说在前面的话

这本书，凯撒算是第二次重读。之前，凯撒是因为接触兰小欢老师的那本《置身事内》的时候，拿这本书作为参考辅助材料，结果，这本书成了主读，兰老师这部成了辅读。

......

### S5E07 - 阿长都能学好的英文 （7）

今天的素材来自于Neo Zhang的一篇题为：《软件吞噬世界，我们错失了什么？》的文章，全网很多人都争相分享转发。

由于本人也算是AI Copliot的从业者，文章里有......

### S5E06 - 阿长都能学好的英文（6）

《黑神话：悟空》，上线了，一时间火遍了国内外全网。

很多人出相关的内容，从文字，图文，到短视频，甚至小破站都有UP主发攻略，长视频，可谓是好不热闹。

凯撒最近在重新捡起那个鸡肋般的英文，无论是口语，还是写作。因此，借这个话题为素材，写上一篇，同样，放在这个题为【阿长都能学好的英文】系列。

（声明：【阿长都能学好的英文】系列始发于小报童，想了解其他内容，或者想跟着凯撒选的内容来练习英文的，欢迎移步。本人公众号，只会同步发布几篇凯撒认为有趣的，供各位消遣）

![](https://static.xiaobot.net/file/2024-08-20/5147/dd622b63d7a49d305ef269a8c413bb50.jpeg)

 _图片来自于《黑神话：悟空》游戏官网_

* * *

On August 20, 2024, the gaming world witnessed a seismic event: the release of
Black Myth: Wukong, China's first true AAA game. Within an hour of its launch,
it topped Steam's most-played games list, amassing over a million concurrent
players. The game's impact extended beyond the gaming sphere, influencing
stock markets and even prompting some companies to declare a "gaming holiday."

This phenomenal success raises intriguing questions about the state of the
gaming industry, particularly in China, and the broader implications for
content creation and distribution in the digital age.

**The Aggregation Theory at Play**

Black Myth: Wukong's success is a textbook example of Aggregation Theory in
action. The game has effectively aggregated user attention on a massive scale,
leveraging the power of digital distribution platforms like Steam to reach a
global audience instantly. This direct-to-consumer approach has allowed Game
Science, the developer, to bypass traditional gatekeepers and create a direct
relationship with its users.

The game's success also highlights the increasing importance of user
experience in the gaming industry. By focusing on creating a high-quality,
immersive experience, Game Science has differentiated itself in a market often
criticized for prioritizing monetization over gameplay.

Interestingly, Black Myth: Wukong's triumph comes at a time when venture
capital investment in the gaming industry has been declining. Since 2018, the
number of investments in the sector has dropped significantly, with only 16
deals recorded so far in 2024.

This trend seems counterintuitive given the industry's growing revenues and
the occasional breakout success like Black Myth: Wukong. However, it reflects
a broader shift in the gaming industry's structure. The market has become
increasingly concentrated, with a few major players dominating the top revenue
spots. This consolidation has made it harder for new entrants to break
through, reducing the attractiveness of the sector for venture capital.

**The Stratechery Perspective**

What we're witnessing isn't just a trend; it's a schism. The gaming world is
cleaving into two distinct realities:

1/ The Entrenched Titans: These are your Tencents, your Epics, your EAs.
They're sitting pretty atop mountains of lucrative IP and monetization engines
more complex than a Rube Goldberg machine；

2/ The Artistic Insurgents: Enter Black Myth: Wukong. These are the games that
might not make it rain cash like a broken ATM, but they capture hearts, minds,
and headlines；

This isn't just a bifurcation;

It's a revolution in slow motion.

For the titans, the writing is on the wall: innovate or evaporate. They need
to keep those cash registers singing while somehow fending off the Black Myth:
Wukongs of the world. It's like trying to steer a cruise ship through a
minefield.

For the plucky upstarts, it's a different ballgame. Their currency isn't just
money; it's attention. And in the attention economy, a game like Black Myth:
Wukong is the equivalent of striking oil.

**The Future: Experience is the King**

If, however, Black Myth: Wukong has taught us anything, it's that in the
cutthroat colosseum of modern gaming, user experience reigns supreme. It's not
enough to have flashy graphics or a recognizable IP. You need to create worlds
that players don't just visit, but live in.

This isn't just a lesson for gaming; it's a blueprint for the entire digital
economy. In a world drowning in content, the ability to craft truly engaging,
immersive experiences isn't just an asset - it's the whole damn game.

As we stand on the precipice of this new era, one thing is clear: the
companies that can bottle the lightning that is Black Myth: Wukong's success -
that perfect alchemy of innovation, quality, and pure, unadulterated fun -
won't just survive. They'll write the next chapter of the digital age.

The game has changed. Who will rise to play it?

* * *

最后，聊两句本人对这款游戏以及整个游戏行业的一点点想法：

凯撒之前没有特别关注游戏这个行业，只是之前是跨境支付从业者，加上现今从事品牌流量相关，多多少少有接触到一些；另外，凯撒也不是一个游戏深度玩家，因此，本人的观点仅仅是从一个商业生态的角度来看，到底这一次，带来的影响是什么。

就从现有的材料来看，凯撒更愿意把《黑神话：悟空》这款游戏视为一件艺术品，正如《战神奎托斯》系列一样，它的作用是开创性的。但是，站在一个投资的角度，若游戏行业的投资还是那么如火如荼，凯撒担心的是，这类仿黑神话的作品会有很多，比如，《封神演义》有哪吒，《梦溪笔谈》有钟馗，在现在这个AI推动的新的工业化背景下，变成了流水线产品，这个时候，再回头看，《黑神话：悟空》还算是艺术品？

凯撒期待《黑神话：悟空》像《战神奎托斯》一样，出个1234来，一部一部迭代，一点一点去打磨这个游戏，从人物塑造，场景考究，故事严谨性，再到游戏操作，玩家体验等。

游戏从来和画画一样，是艺术品，需要有属于它的马良，拿起那只神笔，不断打磨。

以上。


<a href="https://github.com/Reno9527/awesome-xiaobot" style="color: white; text-decoration: none;">awesome-xiaobot</a>

返回 [首页](../README.md)
