# 你人生中的第1张音乐专辑：与Suno共创_小报童_Awesome_XiaoBOT

## 你人生中的第1张音乐专辑：与Suno共创介绍
> 本书籍系统且注重实践，是一本从初学者到专家级别的AI音乐生成指南。旨在挖掘你未被触及的音乐才能，引导你用Suno解锁无限可能，而不是仅仅教授如何借助AI生产平庸的音乐。\n\n订阅本书籍，你的收获包括：\n1️⃣  
学会运用Suno AI，从点滴灵感到成曲成篇，无缝连接你的创意与音乐实现。\n2️⃣  
从一张白纸到拥有属于自己的音乐专辑，塑造独一无二的个人音乐品牌。\n3️⃣ 从零起步，系统掌握音乐创作的核心理论，为未来构筑坚实的知识基础。\n4️⃣  
总计更新数量不少于20篇。  
  


|名称|作者|读者数量|内容数量|更新时间|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|[你人生中的第1张音乐专辑：与Suno共创](https://xiaobot.net/p/MusicWithSuno?refer=0b133df9-27dc-423b-8101-639049001c13)|国虎|14人|15篇|2024-08-09|

## 最近更新
### 创作你的专属音乐世界！免费定制“随身音乐专辑”活动火热进行中！

专属你的音乐梦工厂！免费定制个人音乐专辑

热爱音乐的你，是否曾幻想过制作一张属于自己的专辑？现在，这个梦想不再遥远！为了鼓励大家尽情创作，深入探索音乐的无限可能，国虎特别推出免费定制个人音乐专辑活......

### 视频回放（二）：暴论：学习制作AI音乐专辑的道与术

录制：暴论：学习制作AI音乐专辑的道与术

日期：2024-05-11 20:01:32

录制文件：meeting.tencent.com/crm/G2qo......

### 视频回放（一）：与AI共创人生中的第一张音乐专辑

主题: 带着大家把专栏中内容过一下，以及从音乐到AIMV的一个创作拆解。

日期：2024-04-27 20:01:20

录制文件：meeti......

### 如何制作符合入驻要求的音乐文件

作者：雨希

1、满足平台音质要求

大家都知道，suno生成的曲子是以MP3格式进行直接下载的，有时候将直接下载的文件上传至网易云音乐平台或者qq音乐平台，会发现系统提示文......

### 微信视频号音乐流量红利：抓住机遇，让你的音乐被更多人听见！

本文作者：雨希、国虎

一、 微信视频号：音乐人的新机遇

好的音乐历久弥新，在线上渠道持续发展的今天，我们也可以通过各个网络平台分享我们的音乐作品。这不仅可以为自己的作品带来更多流量和曝......

### 彩蛋篇：用电影打开耳朵：在光影中邂逅音乐的灵魂

一、 音乐，是灵魂深处的一束光

还记得我们周六探讨 AI
音乐的“道”与“术”吗？分享完后，我总觉得缺了些什么。仅仅掌握技巧，并不能创造出真正打动人心的音乐。直到偶然间看到朋友思彤分享的练习画画的......

### 从歌词结构出发，更好地制作一首音乐

作者：胡胡

一首普通音乐的结构通常包括：前奏（Intro），主歌（Verse），导歌（Pre-
Chorus），副歌（Chorus），间奏（Interlude），桥段（B......

### AI音乐歌词创作提示词

提示词使用方法，复制到任意通用AI大模型中即可。

例如kimi，链接：kimi.moonshot.cn/

然后提示词会引导你来创作，你只需要把AI生成的......

### 使用 Suno 音乐创作平台的详细指南

进入 Suno 的创作页面

当我们进入 Suno 的创作页面之后，可以看到：两个按钮开关、中间的歌曲描述、下方的音乐模型选择。按钮开关中一个是 Custom Mode（自定义模式
），一个是 In......

### Suno AI 更新变化（定期更新）

Instrumental and Vocal Stems

**New feature** 7/23/24, 10:00 PM

Pro & Premier users can now separate the vocals and instrumentals from songs,
which will give you more control over how to use Suno. **How to use:** 1 - Go
to Library or Create, and click the vertical “...” on a song row 2 - Click
“Get Stems” 3 - If you’re not there already, you’ll be navigated to the Create
page where you can see two new clips that are generating. One will be the
instrumentals, and the other will be the vocals You can then download or
extend each individual clip. Have feedback on V1 of Stems? Please tell us what
you think by filling out this form:
[_https://forms.gle/xWmRmzHQrn8Bmrzu9_](https://forms.gle/xWmRmzHQrn8Bmrzu9)

**翻译：**

乐器和人声分轨 新功能 7/23/24, 10:00 PM

专业和高级用户现在可以从歌曲中分离出人声和乐器声，这将使您更好地控制如何使用Suno。

使用方法：

1 - 前往库或创建页面，点击歌曲行上的垂直“...”按钮

2 - 点击“获取分轨”

3 - 如果您还不在创建页面，系统将导航您到创建页面，在那里您可以看到两个新的片段正在生成。一个是乐器声，另一个是人声

然后您可以下载或扩展每个单独的片段。对分轨功能第一版有反馈吗？请填写此表格告诉我们您的想法：<https://forms.gle/xWmRmzHQrn8Bmrzu9>

* * *

Introducing The Summer of Suno, Vol. 2

**Summer of Suno** 7/15/24, 5:30 PM

Today, we are pleased to present The Summer of Suno, Vol. 2. We'll be paying
the next $100,000 of the $1 million prize pool to the creators who submit
videos sharing the stories behind the Suno songs that make us bob our heads,
tap our feet, laugh, cry or simply say "wow". **For more details, please see
our blog post**[** _here_**](https://suno.com/blog/sos-vol-2)**. To submit
your video, fill out**[** _this_**](https://sunomusic.typeform.com/sos-
vol-2)**form.** The Summer of Suno, Vol. 2 will run for two weeks from today,
July 15, 2024, through 11:59 PM ET on July 31, 2024.

[_Read More..._](https://suno.com/blog/sos-vol-2)

**翻译：**

介绍《Suno之夏，第二卷》 Suno之夏 7/15/24, 5:30 PM

今天，我们很高兴地介绍《Suno之夏，第二卷》。

我们将支付100万美元奖金池中的下一个10万美元给那些提交视频分享Suno歌曲背后故事的创作者，这些歌曲让我们点头、跺脚、笑、哭或仅仅说“哇”。

有关详细信息，请参阅我们的博客文章。要提交您的视频，请填写此表格。

《Suno之夏，第二卷》将从今天，2024年7月15日开始，为期两周，到2024年7月31日晚上11:59（美国东部时间）结束。

* * *

Early Access for Regenerate Video

**New featureEarly access** 7/12/24, 4:00 PM

Pro and Premier members can now Regenerate Lyric Videos for songs they have
created. Regenerated Videos will take into account new Titles, Song Art and
any edited lyrics. How to use: 1 - Open up the vertical “...” More Actions
menu on any Song Row, Song Page, or Song Sidebar 2 - Click the “Regenerate
Video” button 3 - You’ll see a message pop up on the bottom of your screen
confirming that your new video is being created 4 - Once your video is
available to download, you will be able to click “Download” in the More
Actions menu (should take less than a minute) Have feedback on this feature?
Please tell us what you think by filling out this form:
[_https://forms.gle/xWmRmzHQrn8Bmrzu9_](https://forms.gle/xWmRmzHQrn8Bmrzu9)

**翻译：**

重新生成视频的抢先体验 新功能 抢先体验 7/12/24, 4:00 PM

专业和高级会员现在可以为他们创建的歌曲重新生成歌词视频。重新生成的视频将考虑新的标题、歌曲艺术和任何编辑过的歌词。

使用方法：

1 - 打开任何歌曲行、歌曲页面或歌曲侧栏上的垂直“...”更多操作菜单

2 - 点击“重新生成视频”按钮

3 - 您将在屏幕底部看到一条确认您的新视频正在创建的消息

4 - 一旦您的视频可以下载，您将能够在更多操作菜单中点击“下载”（应该不到一分钟）

对此功能有反馈吗？请填写此表格告诉我们您的想法：<https://forms.gle/xWmRmzHQrn8Bmrzu9>

* * *

Edit Lyrics are available from within the Song Page

**New feature** 7/12/24, 12:00 PM

How to: 1 - Open up any song you’ve created (by clicking on the Song through
Library or Create) 2 - Scroll down to the bottom of the page, and click “Edit
Displayed Lyrics” to make edits 3 - To save your changes, just click anywhere
on the page, or click on the “Save” button Please note that editing Lyrics
will not update the lyrics sung in the song. Have feedback on this feature?
Please tell us what you think by filling out this form:
[_https://forms.gle/xWmRmzHQrn8Bmrzu9_](https://forms.gle/xWmRmzHQrn8Bmrzu9)

**翻译：**

在歌曲页面内可以编辑歌词 新功能 7/12/24, 12:00 PM

操作方法：

1 - 打开您创建的任何歌曲（通过库或创建点击歌曲）

2 - 滚动到页面底部，点击“编辑显示的歌词”进行编辑

3 - 要保存更改，只需点击页面的任意位置，或点击“保存”按钮

请注意，编辑歌词不会更新歌曲中演唱的歌词。

对此功能有反馈吗？请填写此表格告诉我们您的想法：<https://forms.gle/xWmRmzHQrn8Bmrzu9>

* * *

User Search and Jump-to- Library Pages

**New feature** 7/10/24, 6:00 PM

User-search has arrived. Click on Search and select "Users" to try it, or
click here to do your first user search: [_https://suno.com/search?type=user
&q=ka_](https://suno.com/search?type=user&q=ka) For those who have created
many songs: click on the Page Number to enter a page number and jump to that
specific page.

**翻译：**

用户搜索和跳转到库页面 新功能 7/10/24, 6:00 PM

用户搜索已上线。点击搜索并选择“用户”来尝试，或者点击这里进行您的第一次用户搜索：[https://suno.com/search?type=user&q=ka](https://suno.com/search?type=user&q=ka)

对于那些创作了许多歌曲的人：点击页码输入一个页码并跳转到该特定页面。

* * *

Suno has a new look

**New brand** 7/8/24, 12:17 AM

We’re thrilled to unveil the new look of Suno.com! In the coming weeks, we’re
focusing on making it easier for you to create and organize your songs. Expect
new, better workflows (small and large) and enhanced usability across the
platform. Stay tuned for more updates, and thanks for being part of our
journey – the best is yet to come!

**翻译：**

Suno有一个新的外观 新的品牌 7/8/24, 12:17 AM

我们很高兴地揭开Suno.com新外观的面纱！在接下来的几周里，我们将专注于让您更轻松地创建和组织您的歌曲。期待新的、更好的工作流程（小的和大的）以及平台上增强的可用性。

请继续关注更多更新，并感谢您成为我们旅程的一部分——最好的尚未到来！

* * *

NEW APP 7/1/24, 12:17 AM

Suno is on iOS 📱🚀

We’re excited to present Suno on iOS. 🎵 Make songs from text (lyrics and
descriptions) 🎤 Make songs from your own audio (including free tier) 👂 Listen
and curate music you love from other creators The Suno mobile app is currently
only available in the US, but stay tuned for Android, a global rollout, and a
lot of fun updates soon. We can’t wait to listen to the music you’ll create!
Download now.

**翻译：**

新应用 2024年7月1日，凌晨12:17

Suno登陆iOS 📱🚀

我们非常兴奋地宣布Suno现在可以在iOS上使用了。

🎵 从文本（歌词和描述）制作歌曲

🎤 使用自己的音频制作歌曲（包括免费用户）

👂 听取并收藏您喜欢的其他创作者的音乐

Suno移动应用目前仅在美国提供，但请继续关注即将推出的Android版本、全球发布以及更多有趣的更新。我们迫不及待地想听到您创作的音乐！

立即下载吧。

* * *

NEW FEATURE 6/28/24, 1:00 PM

Audio Inputs for Everyone Audio Input is now available to everyone, including
those with free accounts! How to use: 1 - Navigate to the “Library” or
“Create” page and click “Upload Audio” 2 - You can record audio OR upload an
audio/video clip. Clips should be between 6 - 60 seconds in length 3 - Once
uploaded, choose “extend” from the uploaded clip. Choose a time stamp to
extend from, provide a genre, and include your own lyrics if desired If you’re
looking for inspiration, we made a playlist of some of our favorite inputs
from the community. Listen to them here. If you’d like to experiment with
Inputs others have uploaded, we've assembled a list of clips from the
community. Try to Extend from them here.

**翻译：**

新功能 2024年6月28日，下午1:00

音频输入向所有用户开放 现在，音频输入功能对所有用户开放，包括免费账户用户！

使用方法：

1 - 进入“库”或“创建”页面，点击“上传音频”

2 - 您可以录制音频或上传音频/视频剪辑。剪辑长度应在6到60秒之间

3 - 上传后，从上传的剪辑中选择“扩展”。选择一个时间点进行扩展，提供一个音乐风格，并可以添加自己的歌词

如果您需要灵感，我们制作了一个播放列表，包含了一些社区中我们最喜欢的音频输入。点击这里聆听。

如果您想尝试其他用户上传的音频输入，我们整理了一些社区的剪辑。点击这里尝试扩展它们。

* * *

NEW FEATURE 6/21/24, 10:30 AM

Following Feed Stay up-to-date with the latest songs from artists you follow.
Visit your feed by going to <https://suno.com/feed> or clicking Go to feed in
the Following section on the homepage. Not following anyone? Follow artists by
going to their profile and clicking Follow.

**翻译：**

新功能 2024年6月21日，上午10:30

关注动态

随时掌握您关注的艺术家发布的最新歌曲。访问您的动态页面：<https://suno.com/feed，或点击主页上“关注”部分的“前往动态”。>

还没有关注任何人？前往艺术家的个人资料页面并点击“关注”按钮。

* * *

NEW FEATURE 6/14/24, 5:00 PM

### Referral Links 🔗 🤝

For the next two weeks, you can earn credits by sharing your unique referral
link with friends and family. When they sign up and create 10 songs, both you
and your referral will receive 250 credits deposited into your accounts. Click
the **Invite a friend** button on the sidebar. The Suno Referral Program ends
June 30th 11:59 pm. Get your free credits now!

**翻译：**

新功能 2024年6月14日，下午5:00

推荐链接 🔗 🤝

在接下来的两周内，通过与朋友和家人分享您的独特推荐链接，您可以赚取积分。当他们注册并创建10首歌曲时，您和您的推荐人将各获得250积分。

点击侧边栏的“邀请朋友”按钮。

Suno推荐计划将在6月30日晚上11:59结束。快来获取您的免费积分吧！

* * *

NEW FEATURE 6/12/24, 11:30 AM

### Audio Inputs

We are excited to release our Audio Input feature, where you can make a song
from any sound! All Pro & Premier users can now upload or record their own
audios to make any song you can dream of.

**How to use:**

1 - Navigate to the “Library” or “Create” page and click “Upload Audio”

2 - You can record audio OR upload an audio/video clip. Clips should be
between 6 - 60 seconds in length

3 - Once uploaded, choose “extend” from the uploaded clip. Choose a time stamp
to extend from, provide a genre, and include your own lyrics if desired

**翻译：**

新功能 2024年6月12日，上午11:30

音频输入

我们非常高兴推出音频输入功能，让你可以用任何声音制作歌曲！现在，所有专业和高级用户都可以上传或录制自己的音频，创作你梦想中的歌曲。

使用方法：

1 - 进入“库”或“创建”页面，点击“上传音频”

2 - 你可以录制音频或上传音频/视频剪辑。剪辑长度应在6到60秒之间

3 - 上传后，选择“扩展”已上传的剪辑。选择一个时间点进行扩展，提供一个音乐风格，并可以添加自己的歌词

* * *

NEW FEATURE 6/7/24, 4:00 PM

### Song Radio

Introducing Song Radio! Now, by just clicking on ... of any song, you can
start a Song Radio that plays a continuous stream of similar tracks. Dive into
a seamless listening experience tailored to your taste. Try It Now: Experience
Song Radio with this specially curated selection: Try listening to this song
radio here.
[_https://suno.com/radio/song/e48c0ee8-24c8-459b-8d91-469dbd6fc3a5_](https://suno.com/radio/song/e48c0ee8-24c8-459b-8d91-469dbd6fc3a5)
As you explore new songs, please let us know what you think by giving songs a
thumbs-up or thumbs-down. Your feedback helps us improve.

**翻译：**

新功能 2024年6月7日，下午4:00

歌曲电台

全新推出歌曲电台！现在，只需点击任何歌曲的...，即可启动播放相似歌曲的连续电台。享受为你量身打造的无缝音乐体验。

立即体验：感受这份特别精选的歌曲电台：点击这里收听这个歌曲电台。<https://suno.com/radio/song/e48c0ee8-24c8-459b-8d91-469dbd6fc3a5>

在你探索新歌曲的过程中，请通过点赞或点踩告诉我们你的意见。你的反馈将帮助我们不断改进。

* * *

NEW FEATURE 6/3/24, 4:30 PM

### Suno playlists are searchable

Looking for inspiration, or some new music to listen to? Search playlists by
title and description.

Try it out here: [_https://suno.com/search?type=playlist
&q=math%20rock_](https://suno.com/search?type=playlist&q=math%20rock)

**翻译：**

新功能 2024年6月3日，下午4:30

Suno播放列表可搜索

寻找灵感或一些新音乐来听？可以按标题和描述搜索播放列表。

试试看：[https://suno.com/search?type=playlist&q=math%20rock](https://suno.com/search?type=playlist&q=math%20rock)

* * *

NEW MODEL 5/30/24, 4:00 PM

### v3.5 is Available to Everyone

A big thank-you to all of the Pro and Premier members who used v3.5 over the
last week. Today, we’re excited to announce that we’re releasing v3.5 to
everyone! Now everyone can: • **Generate 4-minute songs**. You can now get
your full song in a single generation! The number of credits it takes to
create a song remains unchanged. • **Create 2-minute max song extensions**. •
**Experience improved song structure and vocal flow**. We are defaulting new
song generations to use Suno v3.5, but in case you want to use another model,
we’ll remember your selection for future songs. Your feedback is important to
us, and helps us improve Suno for you over time. So please continue to give us
feedback by upvoting 👍 songs you like and downvoting 👎 songs you don’t.
Thanks, as always, for your support. :heart: Team Suno

**翻译：**

新版本发布 2024年5月30日，下午4:00

v3.5 向所有用户开放

感谢过去一周使用v3.5的专业和高级会员。今天，我们很高兴地宣布v3.5向所有用户开放！现在，所有人都可以： •
生成4分钟的完整歌曲。一次生成就能获得整首歌曲，所需积分不变。 • 创建最长2分钟的歌曲扩展。 • 体验改进后的歌曲结构和人声流畅度。我们默认使用Suno
v3.5生成新歌曲，但如果你想使用其他模型，我们会记住你的选择以供将来使用。

你的反馈对我们非常重要，并帮助我们不断改进Suno。因此，请继续通过点赞👍你喜欢的歌曲和点踩👎你不喜欢的歌曲来向我们提供反馈。

感谢你一如既往的支持。

❤️ Suno团队

* * *

NEW FEATURE 5/29/24, 4:00 PM

🔎 Explore Styles and Search Through your Library

Explore Styles Have a musical style you really like? You can now click through
Styles on songs to view other songs with the same style. Styles can be
explored from the Homepage, from Playlists, and also from within the expanded
view of individual Songs.

Library Search We launched Public Song Search last week, and now we’ve
launched Library Search! You can now search through the songs you created! In
your Library, search across your songs:

1️⃣ Song Titles: Search for specific titles you’ve created, like “My First
Suno Song”.

2️⃣ Style: Find music by genre, mood, or any other style you’ve used to
describe your music, like "Punk” or “Lo-fi”.

3️⃣ Lyrics: If you can’t remember the title or style of a song you made, but
remember that it’s about “grapes” – you can search by that, too.

**翻译：**

新功能 2024年5月29日，下午4:00

🔎 探索风格和搜索你的音乐库

探索风格
是否有你特别喜欢的音乐风格？现在你可以通过点击歌曲中的风格标签，查看具有相同风格的其他歌曲。你可以从首页、播放列表以及单个歌曲的详细视图中进行风格探索。

音乐库搜索 上周我们推出了公共歌曲搜索功能，现在我们又推出了音乐库搜索！你现在可以在自己创建的歌曲中进行搜索。在你的音乐库中，可以通过以下方式搜索：

1️⃣ 歌曲标题：搜索你创建的特定歌曲标题，比如“我的第一首Suno歌曲”。

2️⃣ 风格：根据你用来描述音乐的流派、情绪或其他风格查找歌曲，比如“朋克”或“低保真”。

3️⃣ 歌词：如果你不记得歌曲的标题或风格，但记得歌词中提到了“葡萄”，你也可以通过这个关键词进行搜索。

* * *

NEW MODEL 5/24/24, 6:00 PM

### v3.5 Early Access

v4 is cooking. In the meantime, we are rolling out early access to **v3.5** ,
which is now available to Pro and Premier members! v3.5 is an updated version
of v3, with the following improvements:

  * **4-minute max clip length**. You can now get your full song in a single generation!

  * **2-minute max song extensions**

  * **Improved song structure and vocal flow** Pro and Premier members will be able to select between v3.5, v3 and v2 for your generations, using the version dropdown. **Pro and Premier members will also be able to generate and download audio in .wav format.** v3.5 will be available to free users as early as next week. Please give us feedback by upvoting 👍 and downvoting 👎 to help us improve your experience. We especially appreciate downvotes on clips with bad audio quality. If it hurts your ears, let us know with a thumbs down!

**翻译：**

新功能 5/24/24，下午6:00

v3.5 早期体验

v4 正在开发中。在此期间，我们推出了 v3.5 的早期体验版，现已对 Pro 和 Premier 会员开放！

v3.5 是 v3 的升级版，改进内容如下：

  * 最大剪辑长度为 4 分钟。您现在可以一次生成完整的歌曲！

  * 最大歌曲延长时间为 2 分钟

  * 改进的歌曲结构和人声流畅度

Pro 和 Premier 会员可以通过版本下拉菜单在 v3.5、v3 和 v2 之间选择。Pro 和 Premier 会员还可以生成并下载 .wav
格式的音频文件。v3.5 最早将于下周对免费用户开放。

请通过点赞 👍 和点踩 👎 给予我们反馈，帮助我们提升您的体验。我们特别希望收到对音质差的剪辑的点踩反馈。如果音质不好，请用点踩告诉我们！

* * *

NEW FEATURE 5/22/24, 2:00 PM

### 🖼️ Customize Images (Pro and Premier)

Pro and Premier Members now have the ability to upload profile, cover, and
playlist images, as well as re-generate images via prompts. We can't wait to
see what you come up with! 🎨 We’ll be shipping many updates across the entire
app over the next few weeks and months - stay tuned! Thanks as always for your
support!

**翻译：**

新功能 2024年5月22日，下午2:00

🖼️ 自定义图片（Pro 和 Premier 会员专享）

Pro 和 Premier 会员现在可以上传个人资料图片、封面图片和播放列表图片，并且可以通过提示重新生成图片。我们迫不及待地想看到您的创意！🎨
在接下来的几周和几个月里，我们将在整个应用程序中推出许多更新——敬请期待！一如既往地感谢您的支持！

* * *

NEW FEATURE 5/22/24, 1:30 PM

### 🔎 Public Song Search

We're excited to announce that you can search for any public song on Suno. You
can search for: 1️⃣ **Song Titles:** Search for specific songs, like "Egyptian
Dance Party". 2️⃣ **Tags:** Find music by genre, mood, or anything else
artists use to describe their work. Try searching for "Rock" or "Chill". 3️⃣
**Lyrics:** Even if you only remember a catchy phrase, you can search for
lyrics like "Cat, cat, cat" and find the song! (We know the struggle is real.)
We’ll also be adding search to all songs in your Library in upcoming weeks as
well. Try Public Search now:
[_https://suno.com/search_](https://suno.com/search) 💥

**翻译：**

新功能 2024年5月22日，下午1:30

🔎 公共歌曲搜索

我们很高兴地宣布，您现在可以在 Suno 上搜索任何公开的歌曲。您可以搜索以下内容：

1️⃣ 歌曲标题：搜索特定的歌曲，例如“Egyptian Dance Party”。

2️⃣ 标签：根据流派、心情或艺术家用来描述作品的其他方式查找音乐。试试搜索“Rock”或“Chill”。

3️⃣ 歌词：即使您只记得一句朗朗上口的歌词，也可以搜索，例如“Cat, cat,
cat”，然后找到这首歌！（我们知道这很难。）在接下来的几周内，我们还会将搜索功能添加到您的资料库中的所有歌曲中。现在就试试公共搜索：<https://suno.com/search>
💥

* * *

NEW FEATURE 5/22/24, 12:30 PM

### Better Mobile Creation and Navigation

We’ve simplified the creation and navigation experience on mobile to make it
easier to create from any page, have more space for custom lyrics, and see
songs as they are loading. 🎶

**翻译：**

新功能 2024年5月22日，下午12:30

优化的移动创作和导航

我们简化了移动设备上的创作和导航体验，使您可以在任何页面轻松创作，拥有更多空间自定义歌词，并在加载歌曲时查看进度。🎶

* * *

NEW FEATURE 5/22/24, 12:00 PM

### Follow the Creators You Love

Connect with your favorite creators on a deeper level. Now you can follow them
directly on their profiles, and your fans can follow you too. You can see who
you follow and who is following you in your Library. 🤝

**翻译：**

新功能 2024年5月22日，下午12:00

关注你喜欢的创作者
与您喜欢的创作者更亲密地互动。现在，您可以直接在他们的个人资料页面关注他们，您的粉丝也可以关注您。您可以在您的资料库中查看您关注的人和关注您的人。🤝

* * *

NEW FEATURE 5/22/24, 11:00 AM

### Trending Playlists

Looking for fresh tunes? We're showcasing the hottest playlists right on your
Home page. Want to get your music out there? Create and share awesome public
playlists – you might just see them trending next! 🏆

**翻译：**

新功能 5/22/24，上午11:00

热门播放列表

想找点新歌听？我们会在主页上展示最热门的播放列表。想让你的音乐被更多人听到吗？创建并分享精彩的公共播放列表——下一个热门播放列表可能就是你的！🏆

* * *

**NEW FEATURE 4/12/24, 1:00 PM**

Profiles We’re also excited to introduce Profiles, the new home for you and
all of the songs you’ve created with Suno! Click the yellow banner at the top
of <https://suno.com/> or follow these steps to choose a display name and
claim your handle:

1️⃣ Sign in, and click your avatar in the bottom left on desktop or the menu
icon in the bottom right if you’re on mobile

2️⃣ Click Edit Profile

3️⃣ Choose your public display name (e.g., The Prompt Whisperer). We randomly
generate a display name and handle for you to start, but you can change them
anytime!

4️⃣ Claim your handle (e.g., @promptwhisperer), which will appear in your
profile’s URL (e.g.,
[suno.com/@promptwhisperer](http://suno.com/@promptwhisperer))

5️⃣ Click Save. You can now share your Suno creations with the world more
easily 🥳

**翻译：**

**个人资料功能介绍** 非常兴奋地推出“个人资料”页面，这里将成为展示你和你所有Suno创作歌曲的专属空间！你可以点击[https://suno.com/
](https://suno.com/顶部的黄色横幅，或者遵循下面的步骤来设置你的显示名和用户名：)顶部的黄色横幅，或者遵循下面的步骤来设置你的显示名和用户名：

1️⃣ 登陆网站，并根据你的设备在左下角点击你的头像或右下角点击菜单图标。

2️⃣ 选择“编辑个人资料”。

3️⃣ 设置你的公开显示名，如“Prompt Whisperer”。我们初步为你提供一个随机的名字和用户名，但你可以任意修改。

4️⃣
确定你的用户名，如“@promptwhisperer”，这会用作你个人链接的一部分，例如：[suno.com/@promptwhisperer。](http://suno.com/@promptwhisperer。)

5️⃣ 保存设置。现在，你就可以更轻松地与全世界分享你在Suno上的创作啦！🥳

![](https://static.xiaobot.net/file/2024-04-15/43174/41ddf4a8ee640722fab5239b5b0183fe.png)

这是我自己的资料页面：<https://suno.com/@Music123>

新功能刚上线，一些热门的关键词还没有被注册，大家记得抓紧时间修改哦。

ps.@suno已被注册

* * *

**UPDATE 4/12/24, 12:00 PM**

Home Page

We added dynamic categories of music to the new homepage so you can more
easily explore the best songs from the community. Categories include New,
Trending and Liked, a custom playlist including all of the songs you’ve liked
on Suno. You’ll also find some hand-picked favorites in Suno Showcase! We’re
going to continue to experiment here, so check back regularly to discover more
songs, categories and future classics from your fellow creators. If you make
our songs public, maybe you’ll find your own masterpiece topping Trending!

**翻译：**

**首页介绍**

为了让你更方便地发现社区中的优质音乐，我们在新的首页上引入了**动态的音乐分类** 。这些分类包括“**新歌** ”、“**热门”** 和“**我喜欢的**
”，后者是一个包括你在Suno上所有点赞过的歌曲的个性化播放列表。

此外，在Suno展示区，你还可以找到我们为你手工挑选的几首特别推荐的歌曲！我们会持续在这里尝试新的内容，敬请不断回访，探索更多新歌、分类和你的创作伙伴们的未来经典作品。如果你选择公开你的歌曲，也许你的创作将成为下一个热门榜单的冠军！

* * *

**NEW FEATURE 4/12/24, 12:00 PM**

Explore (Beta)

You may have noticed the shiny “Beta” tag on the homepage. Our first dedicated
listening experience is now live here: <https://suno.com/explore> It skews
exploratory, and the beta version focuses on styles of music uniquely possible
with Suno. What will you create?

**翻译：**

**探索（测试版）**

在我们网站的首页上，你可能已经看到了那个闪闪发光的“测试版”标志。现在，你可以通过这个链接体验我们首个专为音乐探索打造的平台：[https://suno.com/explore
](https://suno.com/explore)这个测试版主要探索各种独特的音乐风格，这些只有在Suno上才能体验到。你准备创作些什么新奇的音乐呢？

* * *

**NEW FEATURE 3/5/24, 12:00 PM**

Playlists You can now create and curate Playlists in your library! Use
playlists to organize your library, create listening experiences, and save
songs that you discover on Suno. You can share playlists using their link.
Only people with access to the link can see a playlist. Multi-select actions -
You can select multiple songs and add them to a playlist (or move them to
trash) Miscellaneous accessibility fixes

**翻译：**

**播放列表功能**

你现在可以在你的音乐库里自由创建和管理播放列表了！

利用播放列表，你可以更好地整理音乐库、打造个性化的听歌体验，以及收藏在Suno上找到的喜欢的歌曲。

通过分享播放列表的链接，你可以让其他人访问这些列表，但只有拥有链接的人才能查看。

**批量操作功能 - 你可以同时选中多首歌曲，一次性添加到播放列表，或者删除** 。

此外，我们还进行了一些无障碍功能的优化。


<a href="https://github.com/Reno9527/awesome-xiaobot" style="color: white; text-decoration: none;">awesome-xiaobot</a>

返回 [首页](../README.md)
